Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/cart/mutations/set-payment-place-order.md

The `setPaymentMethodAndPlaceOrder` mutation has been deprecated. Use the [setPaymentMethodOnCart](set-payment-method.md) and [placeOrder](place-order.md) mutations instead. You can run the two methods in the same call if your use case allows it.

The `setPaymentMethodAndPlaceOrder` mutation sets the cart payment method and converts the cart into an order. The

> mutation returns the resulting order ID. You cannot manage orders with GraphQL, because orders are part of the back end.

Author: ```suggestion
mutation returns the resulting order ID. You cannot manage orders with GraphQL, because orders are part of the backend.
```
